Framework for configurable CubeMX RTOS core with Modern C++ api and Test environment
====================================================================================

The goal of this framework to have a serve as a templat framework for those who wants to use modern c++ in an ebedded system supported by CubeMX. The framework is build using RTOS as well, to let the developer concentrate on the higher level layers only. Although it should work with most of the simple _Makefile_ configurations generated with CubeMX.

The framework has three layer: RTOS, wrapper, and app. 
+ The RTOS layer is generated by CubeMX with the given configuration - use week setpoint for the RTOS tasks. 
+ The wrapper implements the different RTOS tasks fucntions, and serves as an additional layer for the C++ applications. That wrapper layer should also contain every HAL function calls which are necessery for the application.
+ The app layer as itself can be written in pure C++, only the interface function(s) which are caled from the wrapper layer has to have the _extern "C"_ extension.

Usage
-----

+ Cube MX project has to place into the _target_ directory.
+ To generata application to choose board, run _make_ without parameters
+ To compile the unit test, run _make uTest_
+ To ger information, that all the necessery compiler are avaiable on your current config run _make info_



Test environment
----------------

For testing the C++ functions a recommended way is to extensively use unit testing. The current framework - with the separation build into it - a proper unit test aproach can be done for the high level features. For the low level feature additional hardware and test environment is needed, of course.


What you should use
-------------------





In case of questions, suggestions just write a mail or leave a comment.


